packages/cli/README.md, before:

**Note:** This document is autogenerated by `oclif` when publishin occur.

For more info, check the oclif documentation on publishing:
https://oclif.io/docs/releasing

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)

---

## Content

<!-- toc -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->

# Usage

<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g @condohub/cli
$ condocli COMMAND
running command...
$ condocli (-v|--version|version)
@condohub/cli/1.0.1 darwin-arm64 node-v16.14.0
$ condocli --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ condocli COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->

# Commands

<!-- commands -->
* [`condocli depcheck [ARGS]`](#condocli-depcheck-args)
* [`condocli hello [ARGS]`](#condocli-hello-args)
* [`condocli jest [ARGS]`](#condocli-jest-args)
* [`condocli jest-watch [ARGS]`](#condocli-jest-watch-args)

## `condocli depcheck [ARGS]`

Shortcut to run depcheck

```
USAGE
  $ condocli depcheck [ARGS]

EXAMPLE
  $ nr depcheck
```

_See code: [lib/commands/depcheck.js](https://github.com/condohub/condohub/blob/v1.0.1/lib/commands/depcheck.js)_

## `condocli hello [ARGS]`

Dummy test command

```
USAGE
  $ condocli hello [ARGS]

EXAMPLE
  $ condohub hello
```

_See code: [lib/commands/hello.js](https://github.com/condohub/condohub/blob/v1.0.1/lib/commands/hello.js)_

## `condocli jest [ARGS]`

Shortcut to run jest with typescript (ts-node)

```
USAGE
  $ condocli jest [ARGS]

OPTIONS
  --config=config  [default: jest.config.ts] path to jest config file

EXAMPLE
  $ nr jest
```

_See code: [lib/commands/jest.js](https://github.com/condohub/condohub/blob/v1.0.1/lib/commands/jest.js)_

## `condocli jest-watch [ARGS]`

Shortcut to run jest with typescript (ts-node)

```
USAGE
  $ condocli jest-watch [ARGS]

OPTIONS
  --config=config  [default: jest.config.ts] path to jest config file

EXAMPLE
  $ nr jest
```

_See code: [lib/commands/jest-watch.js](https://github.com/condohub/condohub/blob/v1.0.1/lib/commands/jest-watch.js)_
<!-- commandsstop -->

Commit message:

fix(cli): fix command for linking cli

packages/cli/README.md, after:

**Note:** This document is autogenerated by `oclif` when publishin occur.

For more info, check the oclif documentation on publishing:
https://oclif.io/docs/releasing

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)

---

## Content

<!-- toc -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->

# Usage

<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g @condohub/cli
$ condocli COMMAND
running command...
$ condocli (-v|--version|version)
@condohub/cli/1.0.1 darwin-arm64 node-v16.14.0
$ condocli --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ condocli COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->

# Commands

<!-- commands -->
* [`condocli depcheck [ARGS]`](#condocli-depcheck-args)
* [`condocli hello [ARGS]`](#condocli-hello-args)
* [`condocli help [COMMAND]`](#condocli-help-command)
* [`condocli jest [ARGS]`](#condocli-jest-args)
* [`condocli jest-watch [ARGS]`](#condocli-jest-watch-args)

## `condocli depcheck [ARGS]`

Shortcut to run depcheck

```
USAGE
  $ condocli depcheck [ARGS]

EXAMPLE
  $ nr depcheck
```

_See code: [lib/commands/depcheck.js](https://github.com/condohub/condohub/blob/v1.0.1/lib/commands/depcheck.js)_

## `condocli hello [ARGS]`

Dummy test command

```
USAGE
  $ condocli hello [ARGS]

EXAMPLE
  $ condohub hello
```

_See code: [lib/commands/hello.js](https://github.com/condohub/condohub/blob/v1.0.1/lib/commands/hello.js)_

## `condocli help [COMMAND]`

display help for condocli

```
USAGE
  $ condocli help [COMMAND]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND  command to show help for

OPTIONS
  --all  see all commands in CLI
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v3.2.18/src/commands/help.ts)_

## `condocli jest [ARGS]`

Shortcut to run jest with typescript (ts-node)

```
USAGE
  $ condocli jest [ARGS]

OPTIONS
  --config=config  [default: jest.config.ts] path to jest config file

EXAMPLE
  $ nr jest
```

_See code: [lib/commands/jest.js](https://github.com/condohub/condohub/blob/v1.0.1/lib/commands/jest.js)_

## `condocli jest-watch [ARGS]`

Shortcut to run jest with typescript (ts-node)

```
USAGE
  $ condocli jest-watch [ARGS]

OPTIONS
  --config=config  [default: jest.config.ts] path to jest config file

EXAMPLE
  $ nr jest
```

_See code: [lib/commands/jest-watch.js](https://github.com/condohub/condohub/blob/v1.0.1/lib/commands/jest-watch.js)_
<!-- commandsstop -->
